
Cory Long
Resume and Work Showcase
Hi, I'm a web designer and developer based in Jacksonville, Florida. I love to create engaging front end designs and dependable back end development. I'm passionate about what I do. Let me tell you about it.

Points of Emphasis
Identity
I keep focus on the content, and work with clients to craft a unique and compelling identity.

Responsive Design
I design websites that run across all devices, including phones, tablets, laptops, and televisions.

Semantic HTML
I create all of my presentation in the CSS, and leave the structure intact, giving a more reliable experience and easier to maintain projects.

JQuery
I use JQuery to create natural animations to bring pages to life without breaking functionality

Ajax
When the situation calls for it, I use Ajax to make live interactive experiences and save bandwidth.

PHP
I use PHP for it's large and dedicated community, and it's established and flexible language. I use the CodeIgniter framework to produce secure and maintainable websites, with clean URLs.

SEO and Access
I structure my HTML to have important relevent content where search engines can see it, screen readers can read it, and older browsers can show it.

Documented Work
I document every step and thoroughly comment my code to make my projects easy to maintain and troubleshoot.

See More
You can find my projects on GitHub. I am an active member of StackOverFlow, a question and answer site for programmers.

Skills
 HTML5
 CSS3
 Bootstrap
 Jquery
 AJAX
 PHP
 Wordpress
 CodeIgniter
 MySql
 Photoshop
 Sublime Text
 GitHub

Portfolio
 
Radio
A live interactive platform for groups to share videos and audio. Includes a hosting feature that allows the host to customize the headline, background image, navigation bar, the queue, and more in real time.

View the site yourself!
Gumbo YaYas
A local cajun restaurant that needed an upgrade to their website. I added animations to give the site a more natural, professional, and enjoyable feel. I made the site easy to maintain and alter, so that the owners could make changes, advertise specials, or add content.

View the site yourself! 
 
Alex
A simple Wordpress I created for my girlfriend. I used a Tumblr API to transfer years of content onto this Wordpress.

View the site yourself!
CSS Zen Garden
An exercise in which web designers are challenged to style a webpage without altering the HTML document, or the use of javascript. This is intended to demonstrate CSS styling with a semantic HTML document, and without limiting functionality by relying on javascript.

View the site yourself! 
 
Tribune
A simple and effective news platform that looks great and functions flawlessly.

View the site yourself!
Tribune Magazine
Tribune Magazine, an online satire zine that I produced with friends, with most of the graphic design was done by yours truly.

View the site yourself! 
Contact
I am seeking both steady and freelance work in Web Development. Contact me if you need help with a project, have any questions, or even just to talk. Thank you for reading.

goosepostbox@gmail.com
goosetube on skype
904-673-8990

Website Design by Cory Long
All images are free to use for personal use
©2014
